{{HEAD}}
title=The Great City Of Ulgur
description=The tale of the emperor's most trusted and loyal friend.
tags=Very Short
date=2023-05-05
length=approx. 5 minutes

{{BODY}}

# The Great City Of Ulgur

Sometimes you find yourself staring over the edge of a
cliff, wondering whether or not you should jump off.
There may be something interesting at the bottom. Or
there could be nothing.

That is where I am right now. Unfortunately for me,
there's certainly only the latter. Below me is the
infinite abyss and behind me is the great city of Ulgur.
There's nowhere to run. I can hear them coming.

I guess there is no other choice. I walk a few steps
back from the ledge. I turn and run at full sprint
towards the steep drop. I reach the edge and push off as
hard as I can. I leap.

I land hard on the other side and scrape against the
floor. The steel tiles are cold beneath my face. I lie
still for a second, but I feel the vibrations getting
stronger. They are getting closer.

I scramble to my feet and turn away from Ulgur. Away
from my wife, my children. Away from the emperor who
trusted me, but now lies dead on the carpet in his
office. My hands are soaked with his blood.

I stumble as I cross the oily rivers of the metallic
meadow. One of the nearby farmers looks at me confused.
I notice that they are Solarian, a humanoid of gold; One
of the emperors' creations. I keep running.

I travel for many days. Each night, I have to sleep.
They do not. They are looking for me and they will soon
find me. It is not far to the borders of the Empiric
State, however, and I may be able to escape before their
jurisdiction ends.

One the fifth day, I see the telltale aberrations. The
shadows at the edges of my visions. The slight looks
from passersby. That feeling of being watched. I will
not reach the border. I know it.

Another day passes. I did not sleep. They would have
caught me if I had rested. I see the border in the
distance. The glinting copper spires of Irik shine
bright in the distance, beyond the border. I may yet
make it.

I arrive at the border. There are no guards, as
expected. I had the emperor remove them not long ago.
Perhaps I knew, even then, what would need to be done.
They are behind me. I take a step.

I place my foot on the other side of the border. They
scream for me to stop, but I do not. They tell me to
come back to the emperor, but I cannot. I fall into the
abyss, never to see the light again.

All hail the emperor.
