{{HEAD}}
title=The Night Café
description=A man on his way home at midnight stops to rest at The Night Café, but there may be more to it than meets the eye.
tags=Fantasy,Male Protagonist,Mystery,Cozy,Magic
date=
length=approx. 15 minutes

{{BODY}}

# The Night Café

Somewhere in the streets of Japan, a young man was on
his way home, having just been fired from his company
even after working overtime. It was nearly midnight and
the rain was pouring down. The man felt extremely tired.
There was not an ounce of motivation in his body. All he
wanted was to lie down and sleep, but the road home was
very, very long. Then, through the heavy rain, he
spotted orange light streaming out from a building on
the street corner. The sign above the door read "The
Night Café".

The young man opened the door and went inside. As he
entered the tiny café, he was greeted by a thin, old man
with gray hair in a suit. The old man held a white towel
in his hands, offering it to the young man. He accepted
it gratefully and the old man smiled. The old man asked
if he would like a seat and menu and the young man
accepted, sitting down at the only table in the café.

From somewhere, the old man pulled out a menu and handed
it to the young man. Looking at the menu, the man saw
that there were only two things on it: "dessert of the
night" and "tea of the night". He tried to ask the old
man about it, but the old man simply smiled kindly and
assured him that it would be to his taste. The young man
chuckled nervously and ordered both. The old man took
the menu and then went through a door in the back of the
café.

The young man sat there, taking in the beauty of the
small café, wondering how he never noticed it before.
The interior was made of wood and the cozy, orange
lighting was a stark contrast from the blistering cold
outside. Everything in the store was shiny and looked to
be in perfect condition, as though it was put together
the same day. He came to the conclusion that it was
probably a completely new store, and felt bad that its
opening night ended up having such terrible weather. He
doubted that they got any customers apart from himself.
Although, they wouldn't be able to serve anybody else,
since there was only one table.

Then, just as the young man began to think that it was
actually rather odd for there to only be one table in
the establishment, the old man returned. He was carrying
a plate with a strawberry cheesecake in one hand, and a
cup of chamomile tea in the other. The young man thanked
him as the old man returned to the door at the back of
the café.

As he stuck the tiny dessert fork into the strawberry
cheesecake, the faintest memory began solidifying in his
mind. Then, as he put the piece of cheesecake in his
mouth, it came rushing back, as though viewed on a
monitor. A memory of his childhood summers, spent on his
grandparents' farm. After helping out on the farm, his
grandparents would make him a strawberry cheesecake as a
reward for his hard work. He used to sit outside with
his grandparents, eating the delicious cake, with a view
of the beautiful country area around the farm.

The man looked around himself in confusion. He was
surprised to find himself still sitting in the café. For
just a moment, he had been absolutely certain that he
was out on the old farm again. He shook it off and then
decided to have a sip of the tea to wash down the
delicious cake. As he lifted his cup, the faint smell of
chamomile tea brought another faint memory. He moved the
cup to his lips and took a sip of the tea, just the
right temperature for him to not burn himself, and
suddenly found himself in another memory. This one was
more recent; from just a few years ago.

The memory was of a bright winter day. He was on
vacation in the snowy mountains with his young daughter.
They had just gotten back from skiing and were staying
in for the night, at the small cottage they had rented.
As his daughter warmed up on an armchair by the fire,
covered in warm blankets, he made some tea by the stove.
The young man placed the tea on the table between the
two armchairs by the fire and sat down in the chair. As
he poured the tea in the cups, the aroma of chamomile
filled the air.

Once again, he found himself back in the small café. He
felt a tear by his eye and swiftly wiped it away. How
could it be that he had never looked back upon those
times before? They were just minor things at the time,
but now they seemed like the happiest times in his life.
Somehow, the sadness and depression that he had felt
earlier, as he had walked through the freezing rain,
water sloshing in his shoes, feeling the water soaking
his clothing all the way through, was washed away by
nostalgia. Now that he thought about it, he was
completely dry. As a matter of fact, he felt warm. When
had this happened? He couldn't have been in the café for
more than a few minutes.

He looked down at his plate, intending to take another
bite of the strawberry cheesecake, but the plate was
completely empty. Only a few small crumbs remained
behind. He looked to his cup for some chamomile tea, but
found it, too, completely empty. The man looked up in
search of the old man who had served him, but found the
café to still be empty.

As he looked around the room, the man began to notice
various things which were certainly irregular, though he
hadn't considered it earlier. Like there only being one
seat and the menu only containing two items. Despite
these confusing things, the man still felt comfortable,
relaxed, and warm. Not the slightest bit of fear or
panic.

The man looked out the window and noticed that the rain
had stopped, though he couldn't remember when. Then, in
the reflection of the window, he saw a figure behind
him. He turned and found, to his surprise, the old man
standing by the side of his table once more. Perhaps he
had come back out from the door in the back without him
noticing.

The old man smiled at him and asked if he enjoyed the
meal. The young man, still slightly confused, quickly
righted himself and said that yes, he had. The old man
took the empty plate and cup, and walked to the door in
the back. He then returned a minute later with a
receipt. The young man took the receipt and looked at it
while reaching for his wallet. He paused when he saw the
receipt, however. It had already been paid in full. At
the bottom of the receipt was a message, written in
cursive, with a small heart next to it. It read “Thank
you for everything.”

When the young man asked who had paid it, the older
gentleman told him that a young girl had come in earlier
in the evening and asked to pay for the next customer.
Whoever it was, the young man thought to himself, he was
incredibly thankful to them. For that one night, he had
felt the happiest he had in years. It was like he had
regained the will to live his life, lost so long ago.

Looking out the window, he was surprised to see the red
sky in the distance. Somehow, he had lost track of time,
staying there all night. He turned and bowed to the old
gentleman, thanking him for the incredible food and
service. The young man felt a sense of unbridled joy and
love towards the small café. He decided that he would
come back as soon as possible and spread the word of
this wonderful place to anyone who would listen. The old
man chuckled kindly to himself as, ready to face the
world once more, the young man closed the door to The
Night Café.
