{{HEAD}}
title=The Moon Lake
description=In the middle of Nowhere, a young boy discovers the mysteries of The Moon Lake after the loss of his father.
tags=Fantasy,Male Protagonist,Mystery,Cozy,Sad
date=
length=approx. 10 minutes

{{BODY}}

# The Moon Lake

A long, long time ago, there existed a place called
Nowhere. As far as the eye could see, there was nothing
but grass, and day reigned eternal. Somewhere, in the
middle of Nowhere, was a lake. This lake did not reflect
the sun and sky above, however. Instead, it showed a
brilliant night sky. Near the lake was a cabin and in
this cabin lived a young boy all by himself.

Once upon a time, this young boy had a father. The night
had balanced out the day, and he had lived happily in
the cabin with his father. Then, one day, he no longer
had a father, and the night was no more. The boy and his
father used to fish in the lake, which never seemed to
run out, and appeared to have no bottom.

On the morning of this particular day, the young boy
awoke in his cabin from a dreamless sleep, as he did
every day. He got up, got dressed, and went to make
breakfast. First, he plucked fresh tomatoes from the
garden. Then he mashed the tomatoes, carefully removing
the exocarp, turning the tomatoes into a fine soup,
which he cooked. While it boiled, he began slicing the
remaining half loaf of bread from yesterdayâ€™s dinner.

Every morning, new tomatoes would be ready in the
garden, and a new half loaf of bread would be ready on
the table. It had been this way for as long as the boy
could remember. Except, of course, for when his father
had been with him.

The young boy poured the soup into a bowl and sat down
at the small table by the window, which overlooked the
eternal grassy fields of Nowhere. There, he sat and ate,
as he did every day. When he had finished, he got up and
went out the front door of the tiny cabin without
putting away the remaining bowl of soup. There was no
need. It would be gone when he returned.

The boy began walking through the grass, towards the
lake. The lightest breeze moved across his face and
through his hair, as it did every time he left the
cabin. Arriving at the lake, he stood and looked into
the star-covered night sky in the water. He walked
around the lake. Then he sat down. Then he got up again
and walked around the lake once more before sitting back
down. No matter the angle at which he viewed the lake,
the stars always seemed to be in the same place. He
performed this small ritual every day, and found it to
be oddly calming, though he could not have explained
why.

After sitting there for some time, gazing into the lake,
the young boy began to get up. As he was getting up, he
thought he saw something out of the corner of his eye.
Something in the lake. Distracted, his foot slipped in
the mud by the edge of the lake. The ground beneath his
feet crumbled, and he fell into the lake.

He fell further and further, deeper and deeper into the
lake. The boy had never learnt to swim. He had never
gotten the chance. He flailed his arms and legs around
helplessly, and his consciousness faded.

---

A long, long time ago, there existed a place called
Everywhere. As far as the eye could see, there was
nothing but grass, and night reigned eternal. Somewhere,
in the middle of Everywhere, was a lake. This lake did
not reflect the moon and stars above, however. Instead,
it showed the clear, blue sky of day. Near the lake was
a cabin and in this cabin lived a man all by himself.

Once upon a time, this man had a son. They had lived
together in the cabin, happy as can be. Now, he longed
for those times, for he no longer had a son. His son had
always loved food, so the man had learned how to cook.
Every evening, he would bake a fresh loaf of bread. In
the past, his son would have eaten most of it before it
went stale. The man, however, could not even finish
half. However, he continued to make one full loaf of
bread, as though out of habit.

On the evening of this particular day, the man had just
finished eating, and was gazing out over the grasslands,
when he heard a peculiar sound from outside his front
door.

---

The young boy coughed. He felt cold and wet, but there
was ground beneath him. The grass tickled his face and,
very slowly, he opened his eyes. For several seconds, he
believed himself blind. Then, as his eyes began to
adjust, he realized that he could still see. It was
simply very, very dark.

Still dazed and cold, he got to his feet carefully and
looked around. The landscape seemed to be the same, with
grass in every direction, the tiny cabin and the lake
right next to it. But the lake no longer showed a starry
night sky. Instead, it shone with the bright blue sky of
the day. Looking up, the boy realized that the sky above
him was not completely dark, as he had first thought,
but speckled with glowing stars. And there, practically
glowing, was the moon.

The boy did not understand how he had ended up on the
ground by the lake, but he was happy to be alive, though
very cold and confused. He began trudging through the
grass, towards the cabin, tripping occasionally.

After what felt like forever, the young boy finally
found himself by the front door of the cabin and reached
for the door knob. Before he could grab it, however, it
began to turn on its own. Frightened, the young boy
stumbled backwards, as the door opened and the
silhouette of a man appeared in the cozy light of the
cabin. Tears began to well in his eyes and, though he
did not understand, he felt something light up within
him.

---

The young boy felt the soft fabric of his bed on his
face and the sunlight warmed up his face. For just a
moment, he had been happy, but he knew that it had been
only a dream, and he began to cry. Scared that he would
forget, he tried to remember the image of the man in the
doorway before he had woken up. He wanted nothing more
than to stay like that, the memory of the man clear in
his mind, forever and ever. It was not until a familiar
scent wafted over him, that he realized someone was
cooking.

A faint smell of spices and tomatoes filled the cabin.
There was a soft clatter of porcelain, glass, and
utensils. Then the pouring of water and the cutting of
bread. Slowly, as though frightened of what he might
see, the boy opened his eyes and turned over to look.

There, in the tiny kitchen in the cabin, stood a man.
The man turned to face the boy, like he knew he was
watching him, and smiled warmly, as only he could. The
boy understood. He was finally home, and they were
together, never to be separated again.
