{{HEAD}}
title=Verticality
description=Joel is late to his train.
tags=Short,Male Protagonist
date=2023-05-11
length=approx. 10 minutes

{{BODY}}

# Verticality

Joel hurried down the narrow side road and turned a
corner onto the main street. Rushing down the empty
road, he nearly tripped going up the stairs to the
station, his aging body straining to keep up with him.
Straightening up, he practically flew into the grand
station and stared around in desparation for his train.

"Shoot, which way is it?" Joel muttered to himself, as
he looked around anxiously for an attendant of some
sort. It took him a moment to realize that there was no
attendant. In fact, there didn't seem to be anybody on
the station. Thinking back, he hadn't seen anybody since
that morning. True, there weren't many people in the
small town, but still; nobody for the entire day? And
certainly there should be somebody at the train station,
shouldn't there?

Joel turned around and began striding back towards the
entrance. There was always a guard in the security booth
by the gate. In fact, that had been the very person Joel
had seen that morning.

"Hello, excuse me? Can you help-" Joel began, but then
halted in astonishment. He was standing by the entrance.
Or, rather, where the entrance had been. Less than a
minute ago he had walked through the gate there, but now
there was nothing but a wall.

He looked to his left and then to his right, searching
for any sign of the gate. But there was nothing there.
Joel paced up and down the corridor in confusion. How
could it have just disappeared?

After walking up and down the hall several times, and
even looking into some of the side rooms, he had no
choice but to accept that there was, in fact, no gate.
No way out. And where was his train? It couldn't have
left without him, could it?

"Well," Joel sighed, "I suppose anything is possible
now..."

His words echoed around the broad, empty station.
Suddenly, there was the sound of footsteps behind him.
Joel spun around, startled, but there was nothing there
and the footsteps had stopped.

"J-Jesus, I must be losing my mind", Joel stammered. He
blinked, confused. To his surprise, Joel found himself
looking at some wide stairs going - not down and out of
the building - but up and further in.

Joel was speechless. For nearly 15 minutes he had been
wandering around aimlessly and now there were stairs
there. Stairs that, he was absolutely certain, had not
been there earlier. "This is just like the entrance," he
thought to himself.

"Perhaps... Well, I suppose it can't hurt to try?"

Carefully, Joel stepped onto the lowest step of the
staircase. Looking up, he couldn't see any sort of
landing; It was as though the stairs just kept going
forever. Looking back one more time, as though to make
sure that the entrance hadn't suddenly popped back into
existence, he took another step. And another. And
another.

Joel proceeded up the stairs, looking back down at the
occasional sound of footsteps, only to find nothing
there. It wasn't long before he could no longer see the
bottom of the stairs. No matter the direction he looked,
he could only see stairs. Even to his left and his
right, where there had definitely been walls, were now
more stairs.

Joel walked up and up for what could have been days.
There was no sky above and no sunlight of any kind, yet
he could still see just fine. "Not that there's anything
to see besides these _fucking stairs_," he swore into
the darkness.

His legs felt like solid stone. The only reason why Joel
kept walking was because he was sure that he wouldn't be
able to continue if he stopped for a break. The only
thing keeping him going was the repetetive and continous
movement of his legs.

Joel moved his foot up to take another step, only for it
to slam down hard on a flat surface, causing him to jump
to attention. It was an actual flat surface, that wasn't
proceeded by another, slightly elavated, flat surface. A
landing. It took Joel a moment too long to realize that
he had stopped walking.

Joel's legs couldn't take any more, and he collapsed
onto the platform. He tried to push himself up from the
ground, but his body wouldn't move. He groaned with
exhaustion.

Laying down on the flat surface was actually rather
relaxing, Joel decided. Sure, his throat was dry, his
stomach was rumbling, and his legs hurt like hell, but
for a floor, it was pretty comfortable. His eyelids
began to feel heavy.

Perhaps he could rest for a bit before moving. Yes, that
would be nice. Surely, a short rest would do him good.
Joel closed his strained and wrinkled eyes, and-
